h1. Flint: A Particle Engine for Flash and Flex

Flint is an Actionscript 3 Particle Engine for use in Flash and Flex projects.

"Flint Website":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/

h3. Getting Started

* "Beginners Tutorial":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/tutorial.html
* "Other Tutorials":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/documentation.html
* "API Documentation":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/docs/
* "Examples":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/examples/

h3. Source Code

* "Flint":http://github.com/richardlord/Flint
* "Flint Examples":http://github.com/richardlord/Flint-examples

h3. News

* "Flint Blog":http://www.richardlord.net/flint-particles/blog/

h3. Developers

* "Richard Lord":http://www.richardlord.net/
** "Richard on Twitter":http://twitter.com/Richard_Lord
** "Richard on Github":http://github.com/richardlord

h2. License

FLINT PARTICLE SYSTEM
.....................

Author: Richard Lord
Copyright (c) Richard Lord 2008-2011
http://flintparticles.org


Licence Agreement

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
